Allow verify to specify return type for generic functions (#359)
Brightify/Cuckoo: README.md

You can check if there are no more interactions on mock with function `verifyNoMoreInteractions`.

> With swift's generic types, it is possible to have a generic method who's type is determined by the type of its return value. To be able to verify these methods, you need to be able to specify the return type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Swift's generic types, it is possible to use a generic parameter as the returned type. To properly verify these methods, you need to be able to specify the return type.
```

You can check if there are no more interactions on mock with function `verifyNoMoreInteractions`.

> With Swift's generic types, it is possible to use a generic parameter as the returned type. To properly verify these methods, you need to be able to specify the return type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Swift's generic types, it is possible to use a generic parameter as the return type. To properly verify these methods, you need to be able to specify the return type.
```

Author: 😃 No worries!
